challenge can you post another QA within
six months no I cannot what are your
favorite in these favorite kinds of
questions to answer a long time ago in a
state far away I did an event with some
friends where my job was to pick
questions from the audience right before
the show started a pretty Derek turned
to me and said please don't pick
superlatives and I said what's a
superlative best worst favorite least
favorite ahh the show begins and those
were probably half the questions in the
bowl but Derek having had much more
experience with cue A's was totally
right on the spot those questions are
pretty hard to answer but also as I've
grown up I found the whole concept of a
favorite X has become more abstract and
situational favorite things seem to be
more important than younger you are
which makes sense because you don't
really know who you are and so define
yourself by the world around you and
it's also practice for the tribal
affiliation games we never escaped even
as adults which can make trying to
answer these questions
super unfun when people take the answer
way too seriously
so what question about my favorite is by
far my least favorite but Fahrenheit is
still my favorite come at me anyway if
you're ever at a show or submitting
questions to a Q&A to raise the odds of
getting an answer try turning it a bit
for example whose videos do you watch
the most that's an easy answer red
letter media by a mile I started with
the highly produced gateway classics and
over the years progressed to mainlining
the hardcore stuff it's hard to say why
I so like watching guys I don't know
view movies and instructional videos I
never will but it's strangely comforting
and engaging and let's not talk about
how many hundreds of hours of red letter
media I've had on while animating since
starting my own channel
I'm glad YouTube doesn't track in time
shame unlike some other services I could
mention I also picked this question
because I can't bear watching red letter
media keep inching closer to a million
subscribers any longer can we get these
guys their gold play button already
click and subscribe
what's your favorite joke you've hidden
in a video mmm I'm gonna let this one
slide because oh man do I love hiding
stuff in videos and it brings me
tremendous joy when people find all the
things for example have you found all
the B's there's a lot of them now again
no favorites but a recent one I'm
pleased with is this dude in the airport
reading The Hobbit and then the
Fellowship of the Ring and then the
entire ring
trilogy implying the wait to board that
flight was really long
favorite integer no I don't favorite
color I shouldn't have favorite magic
colors
well black and blue obviously but no
getting around this one favorite
youtuber you know these people are my
friends it would be really weird to pick
a favorite podcast no I already
explained favorite movie favorite
Liberian County flag favorite world
leader you can't be serious
favorite law of physics favorite
conspiracy theory favorite tree what on
a scale of one to ten what is your
favorite color of the alphabet
ah no okay this is my fault I shouldn't
have opened this door what is your
favorite spelling a favorite okay enough
of what is the most persistent physical
object you own oh that's a good question
like it must be my original wedding ring
I can't think of an object that's been
with me longer I currently wear a second
edition which will eventually become the
third most persistent object in my life
what's the second most persistent well
while moving office recently I found it
hiding in an envelope at the bottom of a
box sure I had thrown it away
positive in fact but somehow this
Specter evaded my many moves and purges
I have no idea how it shadowed me hiding
nearby for a decade so to explain this
thing back in the long ago I quit
teaching packed all my belongings
bundled my savings heading off into the
sunset with the shore knowledge I was to
achieve the project of my life to escape
the system to become self-employed to be
free and I totally failed
burned through my savings and returned
to London humbled having to find another
teaching job that year of failure was
not a great time and what I thought
would be my mulling near with which to
forge my new life was instead a cursed
object this original MacBook Air the
laptop sold on its thinness and
lightness the machine I spent a
significant portion of my savings on as
it seemed perfect for the life of
peregrination before me
this laptop was a disaster with
catastrophic thermal problems making it
run painfully slow and during this dark
time I lived in Hawaii with family to
save money now Hawaii doesn't believe in
air conditioning because the island is
paradise and the weather is perfect it
isn't I have such a visceral memory of
being inescapably hot and sweaty trying
to
work while heat poured out from the
keyboard melting me melting my dreams I
thought I had long gotten rid of this
totem of the absolute failure of a
younger man but it's weird now that it's
been so long I kind of want to mount it
on my office wall as hashtag never
forget I don't think I really will but I
haven't thrown it out yet what is one
topic you will never discuss how am I to
answer this question is there still hope
for the Kattan video no what are your
tips on improving one's ability to read
spend less time on the tweet books and
snaps to grams I kind of left a lot of
the internet temporarily a while back I
don't know if you've heard I've only
made a vlog and talked about it
repeatedly on my podcasts anyway I think
internet comments train my brain to have
a short attention span so less of the
reddit equals more of the books which i
think is a net positive but I do miss
the wild west of the Internet's
sometimes I can hear the memes calling
me now anything you want to have more of
in your life like reading also try to
decide ahead of time what you're going
to have less of to make space for it
saying you want to do more X without
also saying what you want to do less of
is a recipe for failure in life there
are no solutions only trade-offs how
come you don't mention D&D more often
despite as you might imagine the child
me being right in the demographic for
D&D I never played it so that's why I
don't mention it the closest I ever got
was baby's first D&D HeroQuest
which I loved playing as the Dungeon
Master does it frustrate you how all the
months have different numbers of days it
makes spreadsheets very untidy so yes
have any answers from the previous Q&A a
changed man every time this gets asked I
have more videos to check this time
through I noticed I've previously
mentioned a proportional Senate as one
of my top three changes to the
Constitution which was totally
surprising to current me to see maybe
past me meant a Senate run by MMP if so
I didn't make that very clear anyway I'm
still pretty firmly against the
Electoral College not because of the
original idea but because of what has
changed in the last centuries but the
House and Senate system seems like a
pretty good way to try to balance the
power of the states and the people
what's your favorite exit the exit of my
people the Irish exit goodbyes are
uncomfortable when you're
you're done just go